to come to decide the penalty area
Butland make sure that he saghafi Bertha
gets to touch on it the goalkeeper gets
it away from his own play and Roddick
England will get it away and now they
have a chance perhaps to walk the ball
into the land summits
hold on week
he names in the League Cup victory
a goal largely irrelevant at the end of
the day but England of thrown under a
barrage of missiles from the Serbian
support England got the goal that takes
him through to the 2013 European
Championships and is a job very well
done
regal action was always gonna be the way
the lingual got this job done today yet
another clean sheet for sure appears his
man hits their 12 in 20 competitive
games there are fans on the pitch
substitutes getting involved as well
very unseemly scenes and there is bad
blood a history of bad blood between
these two nations on the footballing
field as I'm sure you're well aware
you would hope that nothing has been
said in anger but England can leave the
field with heads held high that kind of
reaction from daily Rose isn't really
going to do him any favors in the grand
scheme of things and I think the referee
might be a cross to produce a second
yellow car for in there Danny roses sent
off after the four time whistle that
means that he will be suspended for the
first game in the European Championships
proper applaud on his copybook you don't
know what level of provocation saw Danny
Rose commits the foul the instrument
that he did seems to be indicating there
that there were monkey chats towards him
I'm summarizing from what men and
officials from the FAA getting involved
there as well with their Serbian
counterparts and this I'm afraid this
graceful seems I've got to say and I'm
gonna protect you England Boise all
they've done is try to protect one
another because they've come under home
rendus provocation absolutely disgusting
the idea from the Serbians it was punchy
styles
saying that the England players stay
Wiggly now
they're just attacking anybody who's
wearing an England badge they are
attacking it's totally out of order
well it's happened before no Blake was
the England coach clearly a black
England coach that took charge of a team
against Serbia in the past and was the
target of racial provocation not from
players or supporters but from people on
the circuit